docs: Update TypeScript plugin section for VS Code prompt (#52111)
vercel/next.js: docs/02-app/01-building-your-application/06-configuring/01-typescript.mdx

Next.js includes a custom TypeScript plugin and type checker, which VSCode and other code editors can use for advanced type-checking and auto-completion.

> You can enable the plugin in VSCode by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable the plugin in VS Code by:
```

  height="637"
/>

Now, when editing files, the custom plugin will be enabled. When running `next build`, the custom type checker will be used.

> 
> > **Good to know:**
> >

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

  height="637"
/>

Now, when editing files, the custom plugin will be enabled. When running `next build`, the custom type checker will be used.

> **Good to know:**
> 

> > Prior to v13.4.0 VS Code would prompt users to set the TypeScript version when running `npm run dev` for the first time. However, this was removed until such time a better solution is implemented. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Prior to v13.4.0, VS Code would prompt users to enable the plugin when running `npm run dev` for the first time. However, this caused issues for some users and was removed until a better solution is implemented. Please follow the steps above to manually enable the plugin. 
```

I realise "prompt users to set the TypeScript version" is strictly accurate, but the secondary effect is what users need to know here IMO :pray:

> > Prior to v13.4.0, VS Code would prompt users to enable the plugin when running `npm run dev` for the first time. However, this caused issues for some users and was removed until a better solution is implemented. Please follow the steps above to manually enable the plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I actually don't think we need to say this at all.
